MBS-8791 Update Release publishing documentation (#494)
avito-tech/avito-android: docs/content/docs/Release.md

# Release

{{<avito section>}}

> We publish releases to [bintray](https://bintray.com/avito-tech/maven/avito-android).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We publish releases to [Bintray](https://bintray.com/avito-tech/maven/avito-android).
```

## Publishing a new release

1. Check current status of [Infra Gradle plugins configuration compatibility with Avito](http://links.k.avito.ru/80)
    1. If it is `Failed` you could release from previous `Succeed` commits or fix compatibility problems
1. Check current status of [Nightly Avito integration build](http://links.k.avito.ru/gZ)
    1. If it is `Failed` you could release from previous `Succeed` commits or fix problems
1. Checkout a `release branch` with a name equals to `projectVersion`. For example, `2020.9`.\

> This branch must be persistent. It will be used for automation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This branch must be persistent. It is used for automation.
```
Not now, but we can skip these details for the sake of explanation.

> 1. Manually run [Integration build](http://links.k.avito.ru/ZA) on the `release branch`.

Reviewer: Where is publishing to Bintray?
> Manually run [Github publish configuration (internal)](http://links.k.avito.ru/releaseAvitoTools) on the release branch.

Author: Missed. I've returned it

1. Run integration tests of your choice in avito with specified test version

### Using `compositeBuild`

Run from Avito project directory 

```shell script
./gradlew <task> -Pavito.useCompositeBuild=true -Pavito.compositeBuildPath=<avito-android-infra/subprojects dir on your local machine>
```

## CI integration tests against Avito

1. Choose configuration from [existed]({{<relref "#ci-integration-configurations">}})
1. Run build. \
If you need to test unmerged code, select a custom build branch.\
You will see branches from both repositories:

![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1104540/75977180-e5dd4d80-5eec-11ea-80d3-2f9abd7efd36.png)

- By default, build uses develop from github against develop from avito
- If you pick a branch from avito, it will run against develop on github
- If you pick a branch from github, it will run against develop on avito
- To build both projects of special branch, they should have the same name

If you want to run a real CI build against not published release, 
you need to publish it manually as a temporary version to the internal Artifactory.

## CI integration configurations

> - [fast check configuration (internal)](http://links.k.avito.ru/fastCheck) - pull request builds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [fast check configuration (internal)](http://links.k.avito.ru/fastCheck) - pull request's builds
```

- [integration check](http://links.k.avito.ru/ZA) - currently, contains the biggest amount of integration checks

> - [nightly integration check](http://links.k.avito.ru/gZ) - the same as `integration check` but has a bigger amount of emulators

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [nightly integration check](http://links.k.avito.ru/gZ) - the same as `integration check` but uses more Android emulators
```

Action is better than a state

> - [Gradle configuration compatibility check](http://links.k.avito.ru/80) checks the configuration compatibility of our Gradle plugins with Avito repo  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Gradle configuration compatibility check](http://links.k.avito.ru/80) - checks the configuration compatibility of our Gradle plugins with Avito repo  
```
